Report_2016_001

Patient Name: <Start: Name>Jack Wood <End>		DOB: May 6th 2017
Parents: Amy Ma				DOE: 12/9/2015
Referral Source: Dr.Peter Jones, MD	

History:
Child Jack Ma, age 1, was seen in our office on December 9, 2015 for an Auditory Brainstem Response(ABR)evaluation, as requested. Child Jack is accompanied to the appointment by his mother and grandmother. his mother reports that he failed the newborn hearing screening in his left ear. She reports that Child Jack was born at 34 weeks at Hospital Name in Duluth, Georgia, but was transferred to the Emory Hospital due to breathing issues. Child spent two weeks in the NICU at Emory Hospital, and was on nystatin for a yeast infection during that time. They were unable to retest his left ear before being discharged. There is reportedly no family history of hearing loss on either side of the family. His mother reports that there were no complications with the pregnanc prior to the early delivery. 

Test Results(see attached printouts for testing details):
An ABR was completed and a Wave V was presented and reliable down to the following levels:
	RIGHT EAR    						LFET EAR
	Click: 30dBnHL						Click:	40dBnHL
	500Hz: 40dBnHL						500Hz: 60dBnHL
										4000Hz: 40dBnHL
										Bone Conduction click: 30dBnHL


These results are within normal limits for the right ear. Results for the let ear suggest a mild conductive hearing loss.

An acoustic impedance evaluation was completed using a 1000Hz probe tone and revealed normal middle ear pressure and mobility in the right ear, and a flat, Type B typmanogram in the left ear. Acoustic reflexes could not be obtained due to the inability to maintain an airtight seal.

IMPRESSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS:
Hearing is within normal limits for the right ear. There is a mild conductive hearing loss in the left ear. Middle ear function ear function is normal for the right ear and abnormal for the left ear. There results were discussed with Child's mother, and it is recommended that they follow up with DR.Last name for further medical follow up. It is also recommended that he return to our office after medical management for a repeat ABR. We will also complete Otoacoustic Emission(OAE) testing at that time, as well.

Thank you so much for the referral! If you have any questions or concerns, please contact me at Phone Number.